# Project Plan

## 1 Introduction

FloorIconManager is an android app which allows employees add, edit and delete inventory. It also allows Customers to search products.

## 2 Process Description

- login: employees use their ID and password to log into their account to view available products in the store. The inputs would be employeeID and passWord. The output would be a successful login message.
- addProduct: An activity only an employee can make which allows the employee to add a product to the store. An employee can use the productid and storeid to add a specific product to the store. The output would be the product showing up on the available products list.
- deleteProduct : This activity allow employees to delete productID to whatever list they want to. The output will be checked a product in the list and then deleted productID.
- Edit product : A user performs an edit operation in a product of floors. When editing products the user will click on the product name to edit the name or the amount if they want to change the quantity of the product. Users can then click on the save button to save/update the changes. The entrance criteria for the activity is the user performing edit operations by changing the product name and the amount which allows them to achieve their desired action. The exit criteria for the activity are the result of the desired product and the amount displayed on the screen which completes the activity satisfactorily.
- SearchProduct: This activity will look through the store's database and search based on the criteria given by the customer/employee. The inputs of the activity would be productName, floorCategory, floorType. Then the app will generate a list of results generated by the inputs.

## 3 Team



- **DBA:** Database admin and hosting of the database
- **Front End:** Designing the interface and linking it to backend
- **Back end**: Creating algorithms and functions. Connecting to the database to pull information. Connecting to backend
- **Documentation:** Write up of the lifecycle of the program and the process of making the app. Commenting on how its supposed to run.
- **Tester: ** Quality control of the app, ensuring app is bug free and running correctly
- **Design/UI**: Creating the visuals and the layout of the app
- **Project manager: **Submitting documents and ensuring proper roles are given out
- **Support:** Helping team members debug/ find solutions to any issues they might come across

| Member/role      | DBA  | Front end | Back end | Documentation | Tester | Design/UI | Project Manager | Support |
| ---------------- | ---- | --------- | -------- | ------------- | ------ | --------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Aisha Chowdhury  |      |           |          | X             |        | X         |                 | X       |
| Xi Fang Huang    |      | X         | X        |               |        | X         | X               |         |
| Lindita Kalaj    | X    | X         | X        |               |        | X         |                 |         |
| Amreen Khandaker |      |           |          | x             |        | X         |                 | X       |
| Joanne Pyo       |      |           |          |               | X      | X         |                 | X       |

